[E][ ] rohit attend cs2113 lecture Friday 22 Sep 2023 (from: 4pm to: 6pm)

how to merge files?


save function:
assume task list is empty:
    1. every new task is added to text file
    2. text file is hardcoded in
        subtasks:
        1. create file, done
        2. create filepath, done
        3. only want valid inputs into dukey, so it just copies the task array onto dukey. OKAY
        ->  a function that after each iteration of the loop, updates dukey by what is inside the task array
        task array, array of items that are of the class 'tasks', so write a function that goes through each
        item in the array and then prints the task into dukey.txt, where should this function be? OKAY.

        **Ok now, I change fw.write to append, which means i only add the last element of the task array.**


assume opening a pre-existing task list:
    1. every file in the task list should be added to the task arrays.
        yep, how tf do i do this. -> make a function fileToTaskArray
        iterate through each line of text in file, add the subclass and its properties accordingly into taskarray
        write function to print out the file first, then focus on the taskarray, WORKS!
        add the subclass and its properties accordingly into taskarray -> for each line, use the same function,
        dont care that they have outputs rn,
    2. the remaining function should work as normal
assume no files to open:
    1. handle file doesnt exist case -> how?
        create new file, add the link to the dukey
    2. handle folder doesnt exist case -> how?

set done, and mark is not working WORKS
narrow the issue, when a perfect line from the file is input into the task file not solved but not important

ok so what is the flow now.
1. run program
2. open file (if file exists)
3. copy the shit in the file into array
4. for every new insertion into the array, append it into the file
5. have to modify this for deadline and event


bugs:
- something wrong with the indexing
-

ok deadline
1. do i need to fix the description now?. no
2. just do the file tasks first
task arry to file function work for all :))
file to task array
parse deadline

goals:
1. save should work
2. implement the fkin make new file if file doesnt exist

OOP done
JavaDoc done
merge the thing
User Guide
Another JarFile
Delete and mark tasks for parser
Bugs - check marking, delete, deadline and event only accept one word inputs, create folder for save function
situation when function is deleted, file array needs to be reupdated, either rewrite whole thing or last line removed
fix storage if i have time, not the priority



